I would like to say thank you for giving this oppertunity

I have an experience of 12 + years in funtional testing of web application, api testing with postman,database testing with SQL Server and Postgre DB.

Till now I have handled 5 projects , out of 5  , 2 from Revenue dept , 3 from Philips.
I have worked for govt projects and health care domain.

I have worked with Azile methodology which is having 2weeks for a sprint.


Here in Philips I am workign since 2019 Jul

I have experience in  writing detailed test cases based in the requriments and 
executing functional and regression testing, creating traceability matrices, and reporting bugs using tools like JIRA and Bugzilla.”
 
I worked with Philips since 2019 starting as test automation enginerr with PNDT project
Then I was worked as test automation engineer with AED Modeling web application. 

Here I had gained hands-on automation executing until the projects were discontinued due to COVID
 

Then I joined ROCC (Radiology operations command center ) in Jun 2020 as Manual tester for Serviceability team
where i expose my testing skills in Fresh application installation , upgrade the application from one to another version,

 
Then I  moved to function testing squads where I have involved in end to end ROCC functional  testing 
which involved hardware setup and application setup. 

---------------- 
Here I had played am important role i.e  'Lab in-charge' for ROCC where I had taken care of Lap setup, maintainaing lab assets,
preprating lap asset docuemnt and tracing of assets.

Also I have involved in Lab Audits.
 
I played a vital  role in shifting the Lab from Philips Manyata tech park to Yelahanka office.
When ROCC lab is shifing from old office to new office I am the SPOC person.
I have coordinated with IT team, network team , FM team and Security team in lab movement.
As a lab incharge I did tagging with assets, asset maintainance and coordinating with Dev and Testing team.
 
I did the Set up and configure workstations in new lap which is required from ROCC functionality.
 
----------------

Coming to ROCC functional tested I had tested Login functionality with Single sign on feature sing Azure, Google and Okta IDP providers.
 
 
I suppored devops team , as part of tester I did console application deployement in testing VMs.
Devops involement :
COnsoel application deployement in testing VMs and share the details with Testing team.
As part of devops activity  I performed backup and restore activity quarterly
 
 
Handle Redis and Vault udpated using postman tool.
 
I have involved in production support and  cooridinating with FSE team for thier support with respect to installation and application support.
 
Coordinating with developement team for production deffects.
 
 
-------------  IBE -------------
 
Working as functional tester with IBE application.